Hi my name's sandy bottom west here at the edge performance facility here and killer texas.
Go through squat technique today to help you.
I do a little bit better form my things to help the form of be correct on squad squad to get a bad rap because there are bad on your back and they're bad on your knees and they are if you're doing wrong if you're doing.
It's the best exercises that you can do for a lower body squats again um universal left again.
People do them wrong a lot so weird help you see the right way to do squats starting off.
You to make sure the bar for most people you wanna make sure the bars right about chess level if it gets higher than that it's hard to get underneath if it's too low.
I get an extra rep and there to get her name and get it so you want to make the the bar without chester shoulder hyped here.
For someone to go over cigarettes this is approximately how most standard bars.
Two little rings little grip brings there they are approximately thirty two inches apart for most people that i had to do is take their index finger and place it on the ranks.
Yeah same here.
She would take your index finger place it on the ranks so now i got a nice even grip at the start of the moving a lot of people going to need the bar they revert wrong suppose off kilter heavier.
Fried dust again promoters lower back and she's so.
Even even grip that step one step.
Now i'm going to step on to the bar i get a park placement on my back on the top quarter my shoulders i'm gonna show you the wrong way first and then the writer.
Um the wrong way a lot people will get up here and they'll get a high bar squat like say some piling net okay there's not a lot of.
You're talking about a four inch area it's a little pinnacle on my knee on my on my next year and so and peters alot again a lot of problems on lower back a pilot but so we're gonna teach you out.
It's too low heart places where it goes below other tracks and between the shoulder blades right here in this area so american.
Yes and all the trap get there a high morally wrong way it's a little more now the problem with the low bar squat.
That there was like it's written your shoulder blades outlook socket.
Okay you gotta teach maybe uh individuals are like had to get their elbows up like this was watching it.
Which is here it's on a table up there it's covered.
Fifteen to twenty inches now as opposed to the poor insurance a pilot.
You take your new i can't use to us.
Ability to develop this.
But it'll be now that station number two they're got the bar placements refrained gotta get your feet right you got.
Stab each year you better darryl stance you got to why can't worry more conventional stand on the stand.
To do if you like have our toes.
Watch out for the ducks okay you know what your feet spread out like to make sure they're.
For most people when it first started but we try to do just go somewhere and just outside shoulders outside shoulder with those.
Straight out that i really don't see the first thing you do the first moon butter the first man.
Honest schwab is when you're not sure i mean.
Well here that's why you watch it a bad rap.
It's my niece burning up so much tore gone up too much pressure it's bad on your knees and and also go into your back.
Going to push our hips back person like we wish they would kick the door shut that were in some kicking the door shut kick the door.
Back there now my hips for back now i'm starting to stand in the squad pushy.
This and he's about like the flats that'd you get a shot at my feet down her go to.
The is on the outside of my foot and on my field is not up in in on my toes case.
My hamster back i'm exaggerating my team here it's either going to say slack and then i come back up.
So it has something to do a few restaurants you can see that push your habits.
Don't go outside of a slow motion backup just now to about parallel and back uh.
My knees will never drift over my toes wants money these over my toes.
That is bad for pushes back like.
Out oh my gosh sitting on a horse i'm going to be like this my name is actually in a flair outlets so i'm here like this is my new nasal starts.
But my abdominal oh down in between my name is.
Just like that's a kind of exaggerate when my age what we're putting out here like that.
And that's a form on the squats as far as getting parallels push your hips back helping you give her though i've been standing back up when you iraq to bar mature somebody hell she spots we'll talk.
About a second what's that uh get back into iraq at least of our earliest.
Big key where people get hurt 'cause when they pick the bar up and when they said the bar down when you pick the bar up make sure you use both feet to pick it up like a school.
Don't get in there like you're doing the lunch to try to pick it up it's all on your butt.
Quarter back to the same way we could back in her released it down with both legs don't lean into it um like you're going to watch the spot.
We spot somebody with a guy find a guy or a male or squatting you're going to spotted underneath the chest you kind of coming up behind him help him up this way when the lady and squatting or one of the girl athletes you're going to spot what we call the w. w. b..
Are you going to put your hand right there and kind of spot the bar if you have.
On the side and never ever have one person pick up and the other one's chicken it's just bought the given you should have the heads far behind them say take it then they get all free.
There's nothing worse to get in four or five hundred pounds on your back you get down there like there's so many grabbed one side bad on your back better.
So it could be like on the spot or israel spiders be careful um.
That's the basis on the spot and that's the basic on the school.
And again this is danny at the ashworth performance you any questions you.
At her number down at the bottom two screen or a website is w. w. w..
That edge dash s. p. dot com.
