Do you do.
Taking over.
That is going to make it right now i just finished eating it last night um we're making a ginger macadamia pineapple carrot cake so i'm in uniform new jersey right now still and hometown have all the of my parents kitchen so i have a little more space and i'm an electric mixture so that would be good for today so flowers here and it's pretty we have our spaces um we're adding to teach me the cinnamon and half a teaspoon of nutmeg and salt and here are baking soda and making so that's just and you can fit this or just i don't really things that often but um if you want to be extra so that is all mixed up i have sugar in here three quarters cup and we're gonna be adding with their uh so i'm and i think we need a full of this kind apple juice.
Cape may sound like a weird combination very much and um we need a whole of maple syrup that goes in okay and then we also need um two teaspoons of extract monsters bottle.
Yeah exactly so to me that and.
And now you can just make sure that the sugar on mixed in with all of that and then you can and the dry mixture you just made into the mixture and i think you're supposed to mix it in fashion so little and this.
Makes that i'll just keep doing that and the second person the other person for a i i have um.
And and who's not pleased with me for not inviting or yet on the show she will be watching but she'll be soon so stay tuned for that she makes really really good okay so this is the basic bad that we have to put more complicated step ahead of the other things that are going to go in it.
First thing we are going to do now is um you can put as much as you want i think this is gonna be about a half a cup so just make sure they're just saying that they're going to be in the cape so what you know how big of a and the christmas injure is i'm kinda hot but it's really really good it's like conan sugar here that's what it looks like you can buy it um i don't know probably everywhere but maybe try something like a little more upscale and find out if you can't for the ginger.
Ah yeah chop it up into pretty small pieces again you know you're like when i eat at the last and you can really it's a pretty strong so i would suggest very small pieces.
Uh the average guy that live there.
Gender done and we put this here wondering why i keep looking over that way because my mom putting over watching me think of it she had a lovely thanksgiving this year and all i guess just left and she and my dad all these ingredients they contribute to this cake um okay so carrots um we're i think.
Something on average i hadn't.
Oh my god i just got mine no i'm oh sorry i just filled up a piece of mail college i'm feeling now we're gonna shops were left with some weird carrot pizzas though that to to kill.
So yeah.
So now we've finished all that and then that and put all these care in here so now do you go in the.
Okay now are making the frosting anyhow it's beautiful kitchen aid mixer that so first we are going to i have some and uh just it shouldn't be temperature um.
Uh like you know like i don't.
Alright next week and a quarter silk.
And this isn't going to be very much they we're not it's just like a light it doesn't even really need it but it's and all that and fluffy um we're gonna be at a little bit too confectionery sugar added mixes.
Okay so that should do it will show you it looks like so there you go um oh my god i wasn't happened so anyway i'm looking for the computer so that's what it looks like and we're gonna use that um in about twenty five minutes when the case or not.
Hello again so i accidentally just deleted video where i says but i'll explain it to 'em all you do hear the the kids out of the other and let them call for a little bit put the first one on the plate and ice ice and in between and then you really carefully have to put the second.
And then i just just the icing on top of that and they get.
God in god and and i mean a million dollars.
