I'm toby gary master chef instructor object decorating at the institute of.
Education i've been teaching you're seventeen i.
New new book called winning taking martin and design you this targeted individually.
Wishing to learn and don't all they can about weddings k. mart it's an all in one.
Oh i took in practice wedding taken honestly i would like to demonstrate the plastic roast the classic rosen most popular flour in the interest.
The base taped eight grapes size piece of gum pace.
Look into a ground ball take the ball place it in the open palms if your hands take two fingers near your wrist and rotate the ball into um gee.
Oh.
Now we're going to wired but i'm going to take eight twenty four getting more secure wire mikel at the end of the wire and then um.
Hooked into a mental and white witchcraft and then i'm going to read from the back of the clone.
Uh-huh pinch deed and then pinching the back of the case to the wire and just to cure the case to them and and then.
It's a survey i'd throw taught a piece of gum haste onto a little cornstarch and now i'm i'm ready to cut the pace with the cutter and to form needles.
I'm known shake these pedals using excel god and then uh catch it.
My um the forum the roads by.
I'm using a dog bones rules or or eight ball tool if you and take the boat too.
And apply pressure around the very very edge over pedal and that helps to get rid of the cutting edge and give the pedal uh more real listen to long and.
Now i will begin to attach these pills to the base i was going to pick one federal.
Placing the base in front of them not all about a third of the distance and down the cuddle the higher the base lower.
Turn it around and attach it to the base take.
One end of the title lap and most of the pain and they check the other pedal and.
That over this is the complete it whereas a base courtney.
Wedding cakes art and decide disagree books for these bar and take artist a scottish professional either also.
Great resource for the educated bride and groom looking or h..
