Mm mm.
And we're gonna a or talk to them and make sure that before you go your your bronco you don't get.
So they have.
One of one a couple of nothing but one and a half of the floor one people making make sure that you have your cooking and so many such as you are measuring 21 so we have it from one tablespoon all the way down to watch you're you're you're mixing bowl and all your this is going to be our dating fan.
Okay and they start taking so we do our dining room for so we have here one and half cups of floors me for my new mark that even and on the table because that is right.
Oh yeah.
Now we have our children so we'll see this is already do we put everything on there.
Great.
Next for are making so we put down there.
Everything.
Right.
And now i'm in oregon.
Then they did one call.
Let me put it down there.
But then all that you can.
Now we have your.
And then.
And make sure that he's not actors to make sure you have either or that you don't have any and.
Maybe either with with me to make them a lot or you can add any ingredients you make it.
Really really to.
An ad or to to make sure that it down there so you so everything comes out so that this looks young.
Mhm.
So we've got it on there and make sure you can use a mixture of another one or you can do and when he depends on every night.
No.
Years and years and um what are they.
And make sure your three year old baby three hundred fifty degrees so now the.
Make sure your.
They try everything in there for anything.
We have a gown and he put the insight on that.
You get your gonna wait for things now you can either you can expect to check the consistency if you're in oregon so we're gonna check ours now.
Doing good and make sure you have something called.
So have you had.
Now me for it before you started at the very.
So that everybody and get hurt.
Now they have all um miniature.
Ten minutes and get your name again mhm.
But the or your family.
They're getting.
So we over something something so we have here but the ice cream they were going to make some.
Get the same thing but on top and say if you want to put some chocolate but it's pretty good like that.
That's.
Perfect for kids and adults anyway the chocolate lovers.
Like i don't know.
That's.
