Okay never gonna show it is just a little bit definition cakes or do you feel windows maybe just to keep with more stress i swear for for that but it's based on the last to get into shape however.
Just for that much interest not too much.
And then she gets stuck with us.
Again with the larger one.
I can use that somebody's or to really do anything with the water just make sure it's not too much since really soft and sticky.
Mean if you wanted to you could always use just for this like a late says sweets like.
To them that well titles on the roof or did you see the back of life and i'm just gonna run the nice along.
Just to i said.
You can do this for the run if you like and you can just pay the the we can also get pirated i'm not i'm just going to.
If you wanted to maybe like i was on.
Okay that we can do next country type she wanted to play the games just the taste last civil.
Just to hold it against say.
And then for the baby is just a small.
Friend that was somebody from the school system which is really fun.
They.
He wanted to decided that you have to question has made and a glass of experiences well you could do that makes i would you started actually the the team actually when i met somebody go to.
Personally i don't know not you want you to do that with a nice so this is the yeah it was just pour it into a trade like with the so you can say so now the only problem i have to say just when you present it can be quite well we're supposed to just be most of my children to use which is nice.
I'm just you can say.
Put aside but.
Uh uh.
You just wanted to get to play you know.
They can also use i'm i'm totally onto it or just so convenient but it's just not really tickets with windows just basically do what they say you can just kind of details that wanted.
A big or small windows and they always wanted to swindle free.
Just a.
We can just start to just go straight to a lake and just straight up too.
And he loves strips of windows or something else for the money roll which is a a lot harder than the i think they can make shapes leave them out to dry.
Expensive it's quite dr.
Uh.
What you do it's almost like clean credit it to the side and chase him on the prejudice can justify that with.
But you want to distribute windows just to kind of shape.
A little bit.
Kind of go together but.
Uh.
That is quite good thing to do if you want to get today.
They say windows maybe just to try overnight can she can she also they're not chocolate sometimes sometimes i just to get a nice with a little bit of other than his wife.
And uh.
And then later on you could always just kind of windows and some kind of just taking more definition.
To cut using an average.
And the forties that just the but you know who won but i'm going to mix it with the reason i mix it with it's sort of alcoholic operate i will do that really um just from the not too bad just to get um just just met.
Didn't have to remember the.
He's not on the.
Uh.
To uh.
That is a a lot since.
Just had a slight technical age we we're got.
Right okay i'm just quit showing spray now they want to hear if i just windows and then depends on top swiping emotion just very.
About twenty minutes and just keeping the car off again come up with with open for the most with a nice as well.
That would be to just give it some some techniques if i was going or if you have to start again you could use on hold for just.
It's gonna get three men on the news uh and again just because i didn't see it so frightening.
Well i don't tend to put too much on it and trying to find ten minutes ten minutes all kinds of places uh again a kind of climate detail you use it.
Yeah we're just having just sort of because got to pick them up right now and then i test scores cases right now technician technical to give you an idea like i said before.
To pick i.
You can see that would be quite put too much stuff to dress as i can see the german people do that just i mean i would try and he's making a window like since i have to it can get.
Wonderful things about instructional videos and three different painting retailing hopefully you know all that you need to know if there's anything else you can talk on the paper and you can you help your health and well we yesterday it was very helpful and i'm really looking forward to seeing everyone has the.
Yeah definitely going to your credit in the building i don't think any any one particular older.
My son going to come down from that flavor per se so enjoy like i said we'll see how.
