It's always been one of his.
It'd be like oh what's good too.
Hi patty hi okay middle man.
Finally it doesn't to change me sick working.
That's fine if you just aren't ya.
You're you hear a wrong.
Wow oh yeah well yeah you gotta get from pennsylvania.
Well it sounds pretty good anywhere around lauren.
Yeah it's coming right there yeah oh mean right into the building there on the end.
No way i don't know that there a swim around.
Random heroine right right.
So what are those i mean i'm in love with it hey by the way i'm looking at the right way.
Right.
You guys number kidding man syria terrorists.
My other line shocking to me it's getting her right the what.
They just.
Live there are thrown unbelievable the very right.
No i like randy how somebody else right there and they're like own little uh sorry i don't know to swim so crazy.
They are they care i don't know more more than i think whatever you want to.
Parents to be on the ground like its point i thought well you know instead of them.
Yeah i can come in here me outlaw um.
Okay now it's like that is boring you and she was working.
And i'm gonna go need a little one in my oh i know how.
Oh.
Well you know i've learned that wise right now i'm so yeah.
Well the screen you know they were or.
Some of the building oh i'm okay.
Pardon oh give it up again oh am i grow up.
Oh way i've been to go shopping.
Right there in any way yard and.
You know ready to go to happy i'm gonna laugh at themselves for.
Oh lord you know i mean yeah you got the channels.
You weren't god oh boy well my number the most committee elsewhere yeah he's uh like now what up.
Oh these three in the name of it i know there's a car rides verna i haven't seen them man that's not it's like night and he wanted them.
Oh i see them really is unbiased drinking right.
I'm probably tackling hard named hans alligator was the of guys yeah really and.
Dry here it's rising that y'all um.
I would not want to have wanted to talk on the roof for that i'm glad i'm not really.
Yeah and sometimes they aren't really settled i said not worth it.
Up here in troy doggy on uh yeah yeah oh oh.
Friends today i mean yesterday the motel like you know okay let's go this way.
Hi.
What kind of cameras any thing.
Hi this is right on that kind of on the.
Hello hey i'm i'm like look at that hour like line no not yet other why.
And then transformers oh my god.
I rarely home land and now yeah mainly hell now he's gang.
Are going on man.
Okay yeah we just we just got really like came on i think you're right now.
You know no i don't know how hard at home.
How there right now we're going to go anywhere you called me about ten minutes the heat.
They call all these people sitting out.
Yeah yeah.
You know what we don't have the you know how many people you know trees and.
To being up it poor dog yeah.
Down theory on that often down there like.
Yeah and i think i think i'm black walls and then you won't be able to go on the way back down again they might not the house.
So no get like the marine blowing up all his part about how you're gonna true oh.
That's really.
And you can see the power line as well.
How are you are yeah yeah hey see um may have here.
Canada iran she doesn't foster.
Yeah that that plane can imagine uh bigoted or what have you ever see like you know but i of ever seen one wow this is close enough.
