They said you in the fifties.
Cake for speaking by lightning totally bottom cooking spray or you shorten so you can get okay and.
Maybe about twenty four so you only have two little ones.
And then the liners small cat know the small cabinet those little shell and we can do that.
Pick up the liners you have.
Right you don't leave town gets off the.
One thing.
Okay what are you know open and put it in the bowl.
You gotta measure out what it says in there about three i think it's you might want to use the scissors or don't worry that everywhere we you might wanna check it out of.
Are there any illnesses or does like i said yeah what do we do now food and i don't know why they have another time well i guess.
So you haven't done it completely it though you might want to do it all the first time and decide if you like.
Make a bigger home all the way across the top yeah um.
And red and white what we're doing okay um what else.
Well one cup of water and we.
Right.
She gets a little bit of landscaping until makes you are low speed for two minutes wait or with my i need one there's one stereotypical.
No.
I think the after she do that i i live in alaska yeah you know putting your mode you're gonna foreign trade or yes i think that's why we got show with wait a minute he'll get it out with the sun pick you out were censored.
I don't know she knows she knows i'm.
Mhm.
A video camera for his birthday okay he's almost three will they won't show.
Mhm.
So when you're ready or i try not to get any more.
Mhm.
Oh lord have mercy.
Nope.
Okay let me think i know you have to put the bowl and put them in there and then you got to walk it in turn the bowl or right turn it towards the duck all right yeah i noticed one notch.
For just like that one of the time i was i wanted to i want any day now says so lonely let it they say oh.
Well if you can't hang on here we mix to well first take this thing now that later.
It's not about about making cupcakes.
They just.
Mhm.
Oh my gosh you can't put this back in there now here we're on calls during the.
And then you'll know wash your hands i loved it.
Yeah see i have some will have you know.
Slip this down wash your hands when we get a new towel after you wash your hands put it down we'll wash your hands i hate sports washing hands with another.
The dirty washed up on it put it in the laundry room there's a lot to remember that cooking now wash your hands and face let me see your face yeah wash your hands so did you take that yeah.
Well off of their term grab that handle it all and now you can hold it was a handle and into the ones.
Mhm.
Like that.
Well for about two hours.
That's so funny.
I i can't you can't i just don't don't watch that i'll get it later yeah see i don't know i think you'll like his mom.
I'm six years old you're forty or a man.
Okay i told i don't like that new one he wanted any.
Mhm.
Whole lie well i don't think they're going to want to do you gotta you gotta get the age.
Yeah.
And then then then then then then we can explain like dot com.
Maybe.
No.
True.
