Oh they're just gonna thing it plan get out of my head i don't remember.
So no memory and i don't remember i thing so when i'm feeling really down about my really in the.
And and myself things kind of low to turn on the t._v. and watch my super sweet sixteen.
Okay at least i'm not like that.
So i bring out the costs camping in mexico which isn't imperative in when jokes and you really interesting because here put in like a sect of people who like used.
Anything about them and you're trying to get out as much information as possible and since i'm at a practical basically we're all from out of state from like all over the country and.
And the easiest thing.
To learn english people should like associate characters with them about their state.
I'm from colorado and then like oh you can allied mountains then no the release of the caribbean or drifts.
No let me think texas either tense.
I'm from colorado and i need judgements about people from california and all over the east and everything.
So the one thing i've learned at my school we have all kinds of museums i don't know just.
Lots of liberal arts and all the kids are pretty smart and whenever i go to a party i've learned that psychology majors are really good at peer pressure.
And they they know their stuff.
To take a drink no non get no like it it tastes great not good.
So that hold your life when you went know collateral father figure and western attendant holding your line no uh.
And again oh so i got to experience the election on a liberal.
Campus wasn't between.
Buying a cane it was between osama and neater there was no mccain on my campus did you register did you registered have you brush or did you vote did you go did you both.
Were doing this.
Maybe dreamed politically apathetic ten minutes and like i'm sorry.
Okay so i i'm a little bit too liberal on some things were not.
To get into that because i really like my face the shape it is.
Get punched in way on here but i.
Opinion down at an art school and it had got me into a lot of debates and i've learned a whole bunch of like political labels that i've never heard before like and our go send the.
Little community sense ram a butcher in a bigger and risk it'd be like an r. t. but we're going to be organized and then i get really can i'm like i like.
And i got paid they really got me i started thinking like what would it be like to live in a libertarian household like to grow up in one and the little baby like had walked me he can what where are crime you want to be said again you and your self self reliant dairy queens.
So sometimes when i'm on yahoo.
And i read my spanish it makes me feel really bad.
So i'm like no i don't need to use car or to make money on craig's list or want to lose eighty five pounds of grown a date with the lana.
I mean i think you.
Oh right back to college i go to an art school there are artsy guys.
There which means i'm not afraid of being raped because i could beat up eighty five percent of that.
I throw up and hearing your poetry.
Oh that's a nice song kind of reminds me jason rad.
So why do you rent a type cancer to make him wherever dynamic or some circulation.
Probably i don't need a whistle.
When i'm old and my kids are given me crap i'm just gonna pool when i was young used to be a plant.
So they're just some phrases in life actually in movies not life that can only be okay in the context of the movie i e damn.
Until that happened um can you can not.
Other girl this time something to name again part in lion which seems to.
Brought up the lights a lot when who being chased by now and then she gets stuck in little branch election lurks hand.
It's been i've been a scam okay so i wasn't ah.
Emotionally uh.
Is awesome because i especially going over my fear catching people are we going to be kind of a choice.
Yeah see you and even though i've got over my fear touching people i gained a fear of people with me.
Hot i think they booed and and showed you.
My that i.
Not really comfortable i don't want to go with that says oh.
So after semester.
I think i just made the decision to drop out i found a new calling i'm mean.
Spontaneous turned the clinic really down the street from planned one where you have a bunch of mannequins cry their shoulder give you some teachers.
My friends not a restaurant.
Into college wow.
What do you college kids miss the most good fresh baked goods.
Oh we totally went down to safeway bought a whole bunch of the naturally total house chocolate lovers that kinda stuff.
Remember the labeled it's we've danger managed to have like the best time ever and ever like.
Genius we could sell these and make a profit or do it was awesome we get kids.
Take the four actor and dry or huck he went on rolling your little i got.
And.
Dance we got our connections on mexico common knew.
Gosh.
Are getting basements feed that how is destructive it wasn't just an addiction affection area.
Listening to the bunkers have arm and you hear the knock of opportunity.
And i just want to leave you all of that no thank you.
