Over the last century countries throughout the world have seen an increase in urban in the united states the growth of our economy in population has been centered in our cities the rural urban movement in the united states went from thirty nine percent in nineteen hundred eighty percent urban living in two thousand and ten.
And the percentage keeps climbing sociologist worry that for now isolated from a physical world encased in our city cars in offices.
Moved to the dog.
A sociologist suggest that we still craving connection.
Our world in our dog's providers this connection to something wild something from our past.
Dogs have infiltrated our lives to such an extent that or emotional response them can be as strong as to our family or friends.
And the last one dog can be devastating.
Estimated over seventy million dog occupy one third all american in the region around new york city alone there an estimated one point five million dogs living life.
Besides companionship a dog can foster connection with other people in this otherwise impersonal city.
It's affected dogs can extend one's life.
And it's easy to see how this can happen watched upper manhattan generate an unusual social scene.
Uh manhattan upper east side tippy mouthpiece.
Lives the good life it's no surprise that small breeds are popular in urban existence but this is a long way from the origins who's breed had beginnings and the mediterranean before the time of christ i give everything i can't it says or or the mistreated animals would you get your dog the same loving caring as you would your family you can tell how people treat each other by the way they treat their dogs and.
A good example of how we treat our dogs and rescue those less fortunate the annual fundraiser in washington d._c. for the humane society here swing d._c. hotel open the doors each year for six hundred two hundred dollars to sit down dinner for all.
Followed by ballroom dancing.
But it's not all gourmet dog food.
For all our dogs in their owners in new york city there's a homeless man named when i was walking alone one night somewhat racist buying throws the dog out the window and she was really banged up i picked her up and she's been with me now for five years says why i couldn't make it without lucy said weighing there were times right sit on the bench all day and nobody was looking now people start to talk and they help us out.
Mm mm.
I'm i'm very thankful for all the help especially for lucy.
The numbers are amazing seventy three million dogs now american homes were busy lives balance family working community it's no surprise that profession a dog walker.
Bruce hoffman has been walking dogs in manhattan for over twenty five years to seventeen dogs twice a day for total walk mine i figure i walk at least seventy thousand miles by now and i'm over sixty continue this as long as i can keep up with the patch smile when ruth walks along madison avenue it's like watching the party when she comes down the street people just stop and watch she said they just can't believe these dogs can on my mood really uncanny drop off the dogs that their owners it's just like parents picking up their kids for daycare.
No.
Everyday i thank god for what i've learned from my dogs.
There's no doubt that dogs are firmly embedded in our lives.
And even though the early history is last forever we are today writing new history that continues to fall.
