They've been doing less some of the sunday yeah it's we're leaving leaving you guys all that cashiers some.
No i'm actually i like the lead on and off the gross.
Very funny.
Oh my god down.
Um hi jake here today singer police.
I'm down i'm healthy you know you're down who else is down in jail i read some.
Before you wrestling again like i was so upset but some people smoking fuck is taken that much.
You gotta look into his job man wrestling are you kidding there then we read even today many frame venue.
Last allen what else is going.
Are me out about that day that's why you gotta play it.
Prior when i run the body shit i can feel for them.
So you got wife shit i'm amy.
Really i don't really want to do this do hey yeah man i'm glad to be here to visit us right yeah i feel much shit to slam huh.
Five flights are robbed we've enron.
Much revving sounds or leaving here soon i got an arcade.
You got three give me good die from five fifty cents.
Sorry on score ticketing home.
I guess huh cool right.
That's funny my let it in a fear.
No rifle tries to do that uh.
Plus i'm sorry what.
'cause those are both.
Through on the ground.
Yeah.
Oh cool oh.
Yeah for rowing studying left in the back of tricky rubber was done.
And what is your opinion no sorry.
Frightening lower wants to four.
Thinks that here man what was that nobody was like a block on those before um.
I didn't do handstands and then with 'em off into the air with your friend.
Well you're still standing on one hand yeah.
You tap with your hands who is living in them.
Don't solve is.
Slap dropping they're just so much blood in his head ready to have.
Really mean you can get 'em all fitness.
Oh brother.
Oh oh oh oh oh man.
That little movie did aerobics the.
I can't really remember are you married what was that doesn't play in the central time and got the other line take the book and the agility of a man.
But it's a nice hats short lived there you get off of the signs.
That far sorry about that before you get good cracking.
You ought to hold them that's okay.
And here i gotta i gotta you gotta leave leaving iraq going home.
So we have a freeway wrestling match sex or somebody.
So do you have the ground british over.
