Alright wonderful um let's not do that it's been about anyway alright i i'd like to show going right now everybody's welcome to the stage catty voluntary.
Jobs one more person asked me my single single friends that you were both in the same why dwell on it it's morally superior married people on their little perch just because they found out perfectly wonderful person to spend the rest of their day arguing with because you're married and i'm single there must be something wrong with me and they're that they always seem to have that one single guy right the male single friends smart it'll be fun yeah here's the tests um on the rear view mirror large trucks and campers objects in mirror appear smaller than what they are.
So that we're in your mind that says this is a good idea yeah he comes here on the chances are it's not gonna work out or the other friends your friends to me he's my husband and you live in the same place great yeah never that place is new york city where eight point five million other people.
Clearly when i met my friend's wedding my concern was that he came up here my concern with with not.
On our turned the wrong thing around the floor i said.
Mhm.
Okay any like god i'm not sure how to tell them.
As far as family they know exactly what to say and just how it's dead tissue off i was having having a chat with my cousin.
And she's like your favorite holiday and i love you more than life itself i totally want to see you happy.
Here it comes.
So you can tell me i understand if you're allowed uh let's see.
No yeah.
Sure your husband.
Yeah so clearly better friends i wouldn't be single girl got control get all their match 'cause all my single friends that it was a great idea.
There's new refreshing time and you can't really sure there's only anything can never.
Or and you can try it it's a real reason one of my friends that i really actually was excited about but it's better than going to a bar you don't have to deal with all those boring ugly married people just get a drink yeah unfortunately i'm here to tell you it's none of those things the mary guys are on match to people are really actually not eat the end of the day and i don't mean that could kind of like the guy that we were out for dinner order in the middle of salad.
It's sunny out today we're not and i'm not trying to.
Where the guy we spend that first date talking and chatting for hours and just so wonderful that you go on a second date you have this wonderful tell you.
Beautiful you are an interesting it's funny i think well it doesn't even matter.
Pay for half the check i didn't bring any cash anyway and then you had kittens and sweet nothing and cancelled your weekend plans overhearing surface two weeks later and say you owe me for that dinner because you can definitely pay up.
But actually in the end really worked i totally feel better about being single.
I even have a new slogan for match um and this is that i actually have an m._b._a. marketing like you this stuff for a living.
Looking for that special person no problem we introduce you to just crazy people that you stop looking.
So i'm not a friend at my friend's wedding that was in nineteen nineties yeah it was upstate new york so she's still stuck in the eighties dresses so awesome she made me where i give it a name when i i went through all you know denial anger gardening depressions and finally acceptance although waiting to walk down the aisle.
Okay i can do that not a problem.
Okay that i have big hair fleas and more rocks video nice 'cause the curtains.
Anger in the middle of july we are danes and swallowed incredible in so much when it for me out here like are two little standing underneath my walking down the aisle with me and we're cheese hair and makeup and sprayed and lacquered dragging the chinese new year.
Dress pink and you have to think it even prettier.
Mhm.
You're like colored for this little girl little darker for the junior bridesmaids her for the regular bridesmaids signed for the.
In the back of the like i see them in growing into maturity.
Mhm.
And it was an awkward adolescence every not funny is we're we are so many scout we couldn't which would have been.
Better than they serve.
And and and it was sold out yet another half that.
No one to three three.
That was a law suit on that.
Well i suppose it could've been worse.
She had four or five or six roses obviously not that it's not more than three.
Depression and so i decided to accept me walk down the aisle my friend married to her um and then i remember.
Just in case anyone missed a nightmare on elm street steamer creating the circumstances rushing ride she stopped cold and made where i'd go with three jackie baton rouge is across our backside hell am i supposed to get laid we go and three tacky satin roses spread across my house for all the world today is i'll walk down the aisle at school.
Nice talking to.
