This is chuck.
Uh and we're going to put it out the trash cans going we're a pretty bad got we got back and i think about the two guys and then also we need to be quiet it's hard to describe it.
Ah so all of this has been burned so far we're trying to do to keep it from coming across that we can't really fight it necessarily enough water i'm just trying to prevent it from maybe further and maybe then try to get ahead of clear cut that keep it in saint bernard.
All this this down as much as you can spread it out.
Yup.
The phillies the more i as you can fire over there a lot of foreigners very quickly so chinese as much as possible on there and just praying that the wind was blowing which hasn't done all week and that would just stop missions you never know what's gonna happen and the uh.
Guys over here buckets of water you got bucket bring 'em over here.
I did i want to.
No.
About a child that's what we're gonna burn no matter what you want to burn and then it's gonna be concrete we just want to die.
Using the water from to put the fire out around the water to come down here in the bucket trash can take them back to the planes with the girls are what's happening as well and they kept all the bucket steal this is just a handful of probably twenty thirty girls here and feel the bucket of water in the bucket for the help out a lot.
Yes.
Going well first time i've ever found my life is awesome to preserve this land didn't cross the fence anywhere remember new safe the property safe and fires pretty tough it out so much like any warrior film the warriors together someone like my arm holds the line the line it was held it didn't didn't burn thank you thank you thank you jesus fire took one look at this and i ain't touching that you know doesn't it doesn't no baby hey that's it that's all in the daytime move from playing a game of golf course putting out fires say god didn't burn just able to tell them what it was pretty interesting you wonder what happens when you were.
Someone said what are we gonna do this afternoon everyone to watch a movie i wanted to make a movie but it had to do.
