Mm mm.
No.
So your sister last night.
From the time that you know.
Ooh what she's.
And you your so by no means but try to you sure your mom and dad.
I.
You know from.
No the or your sister store or you know.
Uh it's a a point they call a big guy totally praying.
Not thought about all you.
Do you know.
Oh you're a time when he died.
I know that here they don't do that now you have a chance to go to middle let your knees.
What the.
Oh like strong to saint.
They what happened in the down here for just the the habit hey i'm dr in my lifetime.
The.
Well i've travelled in return them better way by giving them a whole lot of money you can change will let you hope he's got plenty of money doing really good and your target takes money to build and.
That.
In china china getting back to by law well well the guy but i know he's not in the the last name right go.
Do you.
They do and they they do.
Oh god yes that'd be me not me might not be fine pretty straightforward explain i can i explain it okay um the that i just found it on the on your underwear and bra door it's pretty much just reasons i think that the catholic church is misery for me.
Okay ah let me back up indulgences somebody anything.
Oh i do not that's a bible and that's another problem with the catholic church not wanting the trials.
Yeah i was kinda whacking on the well they're typical so i'm fine perfectly sober okay bye.
Come forward at least right.
You know write my next martin luther king say that i have to destroy the papers and what what you mean you carry out such ridiculous endeavor indulging in the scriptures that you want your drugs onto that martin luther is correct movement i know.
I mean well it can tell explain i can't i mean i.
Oh.
Actually my third time.
Now do you know your time you know.
The giants.
Do you really have an elephant yes it's a white elephant oh what's his name oh no i i see.
Oh my uh a strong well not get paid three uh john.
Don't tell me a day try to cut down a long time.
Oh i.
Bloodline uh just forget about it you know not.
You know you may point peter and i feel the and.
Yeah.
Okay sounds good.
Oh my.
The boy or to.
Wrong.
A a.
The uh.
John.
No.
Or whatever.
Can we leave send you a paper or broiled salmon.
Okay fine.
See what people are you are they draw you retired.
Oh can you know it's not the for me to go to my car.
Um no no non non we're.
For a little die they know what's going on and on my mind is about 1 in county.
Oh i can do they know me too.
Mhm.
You actually see what is it now my mom.
Made it back from a trial what he was intercepted club on horseback.
Yeah.
Nobody seems to know where this very moment.
So my mom got her some trust i know i mean to enjoy it later but ah i'm going to ride my third grade work well i see i'm kinda got lost in for a second there take a break this isn't good for you this capital translating see what i mean you need to work on your music music you know beautiful music the profits second sauce and oklahoma's beautiful magnificent things that god's given us you know you don't get me my right here yeah thanks let's see that's how long ago.
Mm mm mm.
Mhm.
Oh right.
No.
Oh oh more.
To go to work.
And armed with crew.
On earth is not is he own strengths con by are driving would be who who who say we're not the the man of god who's saying staff screws that may be crises lasted is he his name from age to really and he when i.
And those to.
Well not be here for his to try.
Uh uh.
Prince of darkness.
For him his age we can.
For for his or.
A bad word uh no thanks to them no to him with us ah go i also know bodies they may to god truth all by hearing some news for a.
