Mhm.
I don't feel there's a summary of our lesson from yesterday two thousand and um my tooth out may twenty two thousand seven i'm on the left here are beginning swing the right to yours are are basically are before driver swimming we had another one that i'm going to show you basically are bottom scenarios where i'm from the basically taking the way to flat okay and are in relationship.
To airplane here we want the left arm angle to match up plain as possible and we get the club a little bit too far to the side so we really did was we created more of a wall back here that we wouldn't hits an it just keeps going sweeping away to flat as we get up here there's the top swing there's arming.
Lot flatter than what we needed to be and it's a struggle because it comes on this coming too far behind you that's more sweeping through the ball and a lot of hands cetera it's kind of struggle because it's more of a sweep the same thing here.
You know being up here.
Start again because clubs moving away and so we're actually swing further out at it okay.
So i'm take you basically here uh from face on this particular like wait a little bit more on the front okay and the hands were a little bit for for us okay when you have to wait a little bit more more just just a little bit backwards okay in regards to hear i'm nick although that's set up a club shaft planning basically right to the belly okay when the cameras are all different angles but still it's called disappointing back to his belt buckle okay so we can kind of set back a little bit okay and um and back here.
In that regards here where we were swing plane there okay bring up a couple of miles here an example there.
They're all pretty much all they're much more upright more planes and when they come down.
They can bring more down on sweeping so much.
I'm going to put here on your after swing driver got the hands a little bit higher security they handle the higher.
Um.
That's going a little bit more still had her little flap their much more.
Just wasn't such a struggle for you to get that ball that come to the ball you put your face on.
Actually a little more to the back a little bit more pointing to the belt buckle loaded back much better lowered versus before before or after set up so much different.
Much better to the right side they come through a start and then you gotta kinda just pull up and just keep going.
They threw the ball came early really kind of get left arm in the wall take away so we take it away a little bit so we don't get the walls going back um and then we kinda just for the we got kind of pointing the clubs the ceiling or to the guy if you're outside obviously um and just kinda just right up into the ceiling or up right up into the sky you'll hit parallel because of that because of the angle that what's your wrists you'll be that you just want overloaded too much and so we'll just get that's when the little steeper and just think that law the i'm keeping on the top side of the plane and then come under or having a little resistance to gravity um so i'm just getting a little bit more off the the on our address position so i lost in film um work with a little bit and see when whenever we want to get together again later.
